# Client Usage Methods
#### Group 04
#### Matthew Carroll, Dylan Bunch, Olivia Bishop

    Initially, a client would navigate to the landing webpage of our project. The first thing they should see is a search box and prompted to input criteria to search the database for a specific image or set of images. In addition to that, they see across the top of the screen a navigation bar with options such as upload a picture and view images. During a standard search, however, once an image or set of images are selected, the machine would read all the images and try to pull the rank off of each one and navigate to and display them in the "view images" tab. This should allow for easy comparison and provide sorting capabilities for sorting by ranks and file name. Files can also be selected from here and easily deleted from the server. By using the navbar at the top, a user can then switch to the upload section. In the upload section, a user would be able to select a file or folder to attempt to upload to the server. During the upload, the user would be presented with a drop down list to help narrow down which classifier the images should be run on featuring tags of pictures already in the server.

    After uploading is completed, the classifier attempts to rank each of the newly uploaded images based on the info the user input and returns the folder into the view images tab in the same standard output of filename and rank. From here, all the same tools previously described in the view images tab still applies. It would be nice to have additional tags to filter the images down with as well in addition to the standard sorting.   